== README

Movie Snaps
This is the final project at Makers of Andy, Daryl, Ashleigh, Stefan, Jennifer and Tim.

Movie Snaps is an app you can use to record visits you make to movie set locations. You can create new locations and then when you visit these locatons record your visit, upload pictures of you visiting the movie location. You can like and comment on other peoples visits to locations.

User Stories
------------
```
1. As a film buff wgeb I am in Toyko
so that I can visit famous film locations
I woulld like to see a map of where they are.

2. As a film officianado, who likes indie films
so I can share my favorite film locations
I woul like to add a clip baord marker to the map

3. As a film who loves taking selfies
so I can post photos to marked film locations
I want to be able to upload them to the app/website
specifying film/scene, caption/quote, screen image, screens shot

4. As a nostalgic
so I can review all my visits to movie locations
I would like to see a page listing them.

5. As a competative selfie taker
so I can compare my reenactment photos
I would like to see a list of other user photos

6. As an obsessive social media user,
So I can support my selfie loving friends
I would like to "like" their fab film selfies

8. As an obsessive social media user,
So I can support my selfie loving friends
I would like to "comment" or how awsome their pics are.

9. As a fan of a particular film scenes
So I can view photos from that film scenes
I would like to filter photos by film

10. As a lover of a specific film scene
so I can view photos from that scene
I would like to filter photos by scene.

11. As a movie snaps admin
so I can protect my users adn monitor content
I would like users to be signed in to upload pictures and contribute

12. As a movie snap admin
so that I can entice new users
I would like the homepage to havesome user comment/photos.
```















This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration
    Rails should be installed via the cmd: gem install rails
    To get this application up and running, pull the repo from Github. Add a file called .env to your route directory. (This file is not in the github repo because it's in the gitignore file)
    To this new file add two lines:
      FACEBOOK_APP_ID=
      FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET=
      Complete the 2 lines with the app ID and App secret which are added in the slack channel. (no spaces between = and ID's)

* Database creation
    bin/rake db:create
    or bin/rake db:migrate (if you have a previous version of the app)

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite
    $ rspec

* To See test system
    bin/rails s
    go to http://localhost:3000/

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions
    tba


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
